1. here we store the linux command line I have used 
1. move files to another director: pwd first in command to get the full directory you want to move. Then use cd to enter the place the file locating 
  then use mv "file"

    t.e.x  cp 1.\ SQL、怎么在不同组内排序.ipynb /c/Users/zhuan/mySqlPractice/
 here we copy the file to another directory t.x.e mv filename /c/Users/zhuan/mySqlPractice/
then it will move or update the files 

2. touch jjj.txt # will create a new text if it does not exsit 
   nano jjj.txt # will open a txt editor. we could write notes here. 

   when you have done or want to exit press ctrl+X then it will ask you to save the modify 
3. git merge branch_name(we call git merge huan in local main branch then huan's change will be merged to main branch) will do forward merge by default so it will only merge sub brach's change to main and 
it does not matter we call this git merge in main branch or huan branch huan is the new brach we use checkout to create 
usually we could keep main branch unchanged and only do our changes in huan branch and when it is ready we use git merge to merge our changes from huan to main

if you .... it will create a merge commit. 

4. so if you do you changes in main branch directly then you huan branch will not be updated with this change you did in main branch 
if you want to sync your huan branch then you need to use git pull remote_name branch_name after you have git push you change from main to remote main
the remote_name is called origin 
so we use:
git pull origin main 
since we only have one remote branch it is called main. which is default tracking local main branch 
so in local main branch we do not give the detail of remote_name, branch_name
we use git pull directly to sync local main to be same with remote main 
but in huan branch we do not create this huan remote branch for tracking local huan's change so we use remote main to sync local huan branch 
but when we do changes in local huan branch we do not use git push --upstream remote_name branch_name to do this kind of oush 
we do git merge locally first to merge huan branch change to be local main branch then git push in local main. it will by default to push changes 
to remote main 

4. different git merge 
git merge main -- call this at local huan branch. the change we did in huan cannot be merged to main 

git merge huan -- call this at local main branch. it works. local main will be updated 

git merge huan -- call this at local huan branch? no changes in local main 

git merge main -- call this at local main branch? no changes in local main .
